From Hansel minutes.com is Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman posted by Carl Franklin. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
one 31 recorded live Friday,
September 26th, 2008. Support for Hanselman it's
just provided by Tellerik rad
controls, the most comprehensive suite
of components for windows forms
and asp.net web applications. online@wwwdottelerikdotcomandby.net
developers journal the world's leading.net
developer magazine online at www
dot  dot com. In
this episode, Scott talks about
VB and the early years
of basic with Jeff Webb. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today I'm
sitting down with Jeff Webb, the
guy who lowercased basic. Jeff,
thanks for sitting down with
me today. I appreciate it.
Hey Scott, no problem. So
what do you mean you
lowercased basic? What is this?
Well, I don't, if you
think that I don't know
how many people are old
enough to remember a basic
EI and GW basic and
all those other great acronym
based basics that we worked
on at Microsoft. Those were
floating around for a long
time. And finally, they decided
to create a windows basic,
which would wound up being
visual basic. And at that
point they had a problem
with w what do you
do with all those letters?
You make them all uppercase
or what, and it was
kind of a funny little
argument. They have all over
the company, everybody was doing
it differently before we shipped.
And I pointed out this
problem and bill agreed with
us that it should be
mixed case. And so I
sent them a memo, you
know, the global memo and
ever since then, basic is
initial cap, lower case. Now,
bill that's bill, bill, bill.
Yeah. Yeah. Guilty. So where,
when was this? What time
was this? And what was
the state of Microsoft at
this time? Actually, when I
got hired back in the
late eighties, we had about
3000 employees. I actually came
in with a bunch of
people that wound up becoming
my fishing buddies, but I
still fish with today. We
remember the good old days,
you know, and bill was
just down the hall and,
you know, you could go
to him for a decision
on things. Of course that's
changed a lot since then,
but by the time we
were working on visual basic,
we were up to 6,000
employees. I'm going to find,
remember that wrong. There was
a couple of years into
my career, but it was
things were happening. I mean,
windows three was just about
to come out and it
was pretty exciting time Right
now. What was your, what
was your role and how
many people were on the
team that you were on?
Well, I got hired as
an editor for what became
later, but, but if I'm,
I got off the plane
coming out out from new
England, that project had slipped
out about five years. So
I got, I landed on
a base, the basic team
back then it was professional,
basic and Q basic and
a quick basic and all
that stuff. And that was
a dos product. And I
stayed there in that team
the whole time we grew
over the years, probably, I
don't know, 10, 15 developers,
probably another 10 to 15
direct support people. And I
became a writer and a
programming writer and wound up
working on just about everything
that came through that part
of the team here. And
we're, we're a division of
applications. A lot of people
don't understand that there were
two big, big divisions of
languages and application. We were
the only language and applications
and that's the way bill
wanted it. And it was
an interesting place to be
that way, because we weren't
as focused on maybe the
super technical audience. So we
weren't, we're looking at the
seat developers. We were much
more focused on people creating
a business applications. And that's
still the way VB is
kind of today. So C
plus plus was in a
languages division and you were
over with like word and
Excel and those guys, right.
Great. Yeah. That's all been
reorg now, I think a
couple of months ago, six
months ago, now that there's
there's languages and everyone's all
mushed together now. So the
C-sharp team and the VB
team are much, much closer
together these days. That's a
recent, recent thing. Yeah. Well,
it's, it's been strange because
the last couple versions of
the dotnet languages, VB and
C sharp were identical, essentially.
It was just a syntactic
difference. Now with this new
one was 2008 there's significant
differences. VB proponents would probably
disagree with you. Everyone is
trying to distinguish themselves. I
mean, there's some pretty, pretty
cool syntactic sugar that you
can do in both languages.
Yeah. I I'd say now
there is. I don't know
if you're talking the new,
I mean, it depends on
where you draw the line,
but the first two, the
1.01 point, where are we
at now? We have three
hours. Well, there's VB nine
and VB 10. What is
it now? Maybe? I mean,
I think we're on BB
nine and C-sharp three, but
we call them to 2008
In 2008, 2008. I agree
with that. That's different, but,
Okay. So you're talking about
when dotnet first came out
and it was like, welcome
1.0, here's two languages go.
Yup. Yup. In fact, I
did the asp.net training course
for Microsoft, for the certification.
I did the first one
and then a 1.1 for
them. And they insisted that
we do both languages in
parallel. Right. And since I'm
a BD guy, I made
the mistake of doing the
VB first and then trying
to transliterate it into C-sharp
and I discovered very quickly.
Yeah, You wrote the legendary
and it's legendary. Cause I
still have it, the visual
basic six Oh, developers workshop
with a couple of guys.
Didn't you With John Craig? Yeah,
that was his, that was
his original idea. And I
came on at five
and wound up doing it.
The six O did about
half of it at that
point. So we're the coauthors
on it. John's still around,
you know, I never met
that guy, but I still
talk with them. You wrote
an entire book without meeting
him. Yeah. I wrote, wrote
I've written several. Wow. That
seems like an obvious thing.
Now I know lots of
people who will work on
things collaboratively, but it just
seems like even even five
to eight years ago, that
that was less feasible to
do something so complicated as
collaborate that far away on
something so complicated. Yeah. John
is a really great guy
and I like the format
of the AFT John thing.
We, we kept that when,
when I joined the team,
we kept it. Even though
it could be ask John
or Jeff or something like
that, or you just keep
it simple. But, but I,
you know, it's funny that
you mentioned that book, but
a lot of people really
liked it. I think that's
a credit to John. He's
just a really great guy.
Yeah. That was a great
book. I actually wrote items,
question items for the visual,
for the, the MCSD test,
the certification. So I wrote
the visual basic six desktop
and web questions. And I
remember there was a bunch
of us writing pools and
pools of questions with distractors.
And it was at that
point when I finally resolved
that I did not find
certifications to be a valuable,
a valuable thing. It was
the exercise of actually, I
don't know if I had
mixed feelings about it. It
was the, it was the
writing of that test. Cause
the, the questions were fine,
but I, I felt like
I was like, I felt
like I was on jeopardy.
You know, it was just,
it just, you know, what
is ad referenced? It just,
the whole thing was a
ridiculous experience. I like the,
the more real world certifications.
They've got the art architect
certification now where you go
in front of a panel
and explain the solution. They've
got virtual machine ones and
simulation ones where you actually
have to do some work.
But I never thought that
is based entirely on a
radio buttons was the way
to go. One of my
coworkers, Tony Arnowitz recently was
he's always wanted to teach
a programming class and I
was talking to them about
it. And he says, nah,
it's not gonna be an
ordinary programming class. He said,
here's what I'm going to
do first week. I'm going
to give the people assigned.
If I could give them
the requirements, I'm going to
have him start programming. They're
going to go for about
a week. And then I'm
going to walk into the
class on Monday and say,
okay, everybody's shift with the
person to the right. And
they're all going to have
to change code and work
on their other, their, your
neighbors stuff. And they're not
going to wait till about
halfway through the class, what
I'm going to say. Okay.
I'm changing the require. That
is a really good idea
for a class. Yeah. He
was the only thing that
he was sticking on was
how do you grade, how
do you grade them? And
I told him, well, you
probably can just grade them
on how much of the
class they complete if they
get halfway through it and
get it Exactly. If they
quit and leave. I taught,
I taught C-sharp at the
local university and tried to
do a similar kind of
a real world thing, but
I never had the idea
of actually switching people in
their chairs, having them inherit
legacy code and, and then
try to continue forward and
still succeed and then change
the requirement in the middle
too. What a great idea.
It's just evil. It's evil.
He could tell he's kind
of an evil guy, But,
but reality has a bit
of an evil bias. So,
so back to the history
stuff. So Bill's down the
hall. You can just stick
your head over the cubicle
and just wander down the
hall and say, Hey, Hey,
you say, Hey, sir, or
do you say, Hey, bill,
check this out. We have
nice offices, man. We didn't
have cubicles, No cubes. Okay.
So everyone's got a door
Probably, probably about four doors
down from where I was
sitting in building four. And
I was on the second
floor at the time. And
I just walked by. I
just in awe. You know,
I was just amazed. I
don't think I said two
words to him the whole
time. Oh really? So even
then, even then there was
a sense of, this is
this is going fast. Yeah.
It's but you know, it's
like, I still, I still
think he's one of the
coolest guys in the world.
I mean, you know, for
a while, you know, I
idolized a few people. I
idolized George Washington. So I had
to delegate and Bill's been
very big to me and
made me a lot of
money. So, so, so that's
a cool thing. But this
guy who, who came in
when I was working on
BB three, drew Fletcher, he
wasn't, he wasn't as a
retirement. He would, he would
go talk to bill. And
we were up at a
shift party once and he
wasn't, he wasn't really watching
what he was doing. And
he cut in line in
front of bill and in
the food line, you know,
and then he turned around
and saw him standing there
and he was like, Oh,
sorry. You know, and that
was pretty cool about it.
But he started, you know,
tried to strike up conversation.
And of course we were
working at VB. So we
had something to talk about
and you just looked at
him and says, you know,
I don't understand, like we
don't put pointers in TB.
I mean, what was the
wrong or that people really
want pointers, you know? And
it's like, see, Bill's face
turning red. It was something
you really cared about. And
I wonder what the, what
the rules are. I'm still
learning my way around Microsoft.
And I've only been there
a year. How long were
you there other five years?
Either five years, but five
pretty good years trying to
figure out what the rules
are. As far as talking
to the bosses like that,
you know, like I, my,
my boss is kind of
Simon and his boss has
Scott goo and his boss
is a VP named Soma.
So I'm, I just wandered
into someone's office one day
and said, hi and introduced
myself. And he was very
kind and he shook my
hand and stuff, but no
idea who I am really
not clear why this guy
has come here to shake
my hand and say hello.
So I kind of wandered
off saying, gosh, that was
the right thing to do.
If the company had 500
people, but you know, the
company has 80,000 and the
division has two or 3000
or whatever. Probably not the
best idea for me to
have just wanted up to
a random VP and said,
hi, I'm new, nice to
meet you. Well, I, you
know, I, I don't know
about that. Cause when right
before I left, I knew
Mike Maples a little bit
because he was, he was
the vice president, I think
at the time or number
of the office of the
president or something like that.
He was an ex IBM
guy and there was a
crisis at Microsoft. And what
happened was bill had written
a memo about direct from
IBM. I have to remember
that, but he basically wrote
after the whole  thing,
you know, finished up, he
wrote that they're down now,
but you know, we really
got to keep an eye
on him because, you know,
they may be an elephant
that they can turn around
and move very quickly when
they want to. And so
it sort of, you know,
keep yourself sharp kind of
Nemo. And a friend of
mine actually shared it with
the, the, one of the
newspapers and it came out
and the stock crashed, you
know, and I think bill
actually lost like $5 billion that
day or something like that.
It was, it was one
of those monumental, you know,
shifts in the stock, which
we've seen over the years.
And, and it was, you
know, it wasn't that bad
of a memo, but it
was just, it was not
for public consumption. And so
I was sitting in the
lobby of building nine ones
like Naples is talking some
other exact, and they were
really kind of, you know,
the other guy was kind
of pissed about it because
you, they probably seen a
lot of the stock drop
and, and Mike said, you
know, you and I both
worked for companies that, you
know, and used to keep
tabs on demos like that
and have your, for your
eyes only and stuff like
that. And he says, I
think this is better. I
thought that was a pretty
cool comment. You know, the
little stuff, The little stuff,
the little $5 million. Yeah. I
thought that was a very
cool, I really, that really
impressed me about Mike Naples.
I thought that was, you
know, that was something that
people don't know about them.
I think it's pretty cool.
Do you know how to
make the possible out of
the impossible? Well, the dotnet
ninjas at Telerik do they
just released a huge pack
of web controls, all built
on top of ESPN at
Ajax, that'll help you build
impossibly fast and interactive applications
in no time at all.
They've made the impossible possible
and desktop development. If you
think you can't have a
carousel component and wind forms,
well, you can. They're windows
forms, suite features a super
powerful grid view control on
32 other crazy desktop components
that will give you a
dazzling WPF like features, but
in wind farms, they do
the same thing in reporting
solutions with a new design
service, like nothing else looks
just like graph paper gives
you advanced page layout capabilities
makes it feel more like
a graphic design software than
a reporting solution. Go check
them out@telerik.com and be at
dotnet Ninja. And thanks for
listening. There's a lot of
people at Microsoft that are
cool with transparency. I mean,
it doesn't mean that it
doesn't mean that every rank
and file should be blogging
about what are secret super
secret plans for 20, 25
are, but it definitely erring
on the side of transparency
is almost always a good
thing in any, any situation.
I mean, your parents tell
you this, you don't tell
the truth and I won't
be mad. Yeah. I think
I agree with that. And
I like working for companies
like that. I just finished
a gig with a defense
contractor and they definitely weren't
that way. Well, yeah, that's,
that's the government. So when
you're, when you're working in
a pretty small group like
this, you said, you know,
10 developers, you know, a
group where you can know
everyone's name and, and you
got, you got bill, you
know, down the street at
reasonably accessible. Our, our people
are our people from on
high, like bill reaching in
and changing things. Are they
having arguments with people in
any kind of public sense?
Are they, I think they
do still kind of do
the same thing with the
project reviews, but I understand
they're a lot more formal
now, but they would do
periodic presentations to bill or
to whoever the manager, the
next level manager was. And
they would have to get
by basically they had to
get, get by bill at
that point and they would
present their product and stuff
like that. And I was
just actually thinking about that
a lot. You know, that
that's probably the main thing
that's changed at Microsoft because
bill was really a big
enforcer on integration. And if
you think back, one of
the reasons why windows succeeded
was really simple cut and
paste work, you know, you
think about that now. I
mean, we take that for
granted, but That worked everywhere.
It worked, it was ubiquitous.
Yeah. And it, you know,
you can cut and paste
from word to Excel and
it'll work. And, and that's,
that was just cool. So
he was really good about
concepts like that, that he
thought were important. And I
see that now that Microsoft
isn't doing so great on
the, the product integration and
they wind up with products
that actually compete with each
other. And that's sort of
the two big company disease,
I think a little bit.
And it worries me just
to look at, I had
a similar situation when I
was at a company that
went from 30 people to
300 and then suddenly that
kind of scrappy we're in
it together became a coopertition.
Yeah. Are we cooperating? Are
we competing? And then I
think at Microsoft and at
most big companies, there's always
at least two groups. You
know, there's always, there's always
like Scott. And then there's
evil Scott with a goatee
and another group. Who's doing
the exact same thing, but
with a different spin. And
then you don't even know
you exist until at one
point, some hole gets punched
into the fabric of space
time between your little company
and you go, wait a
second, you're working on a
fizz bin, also shoot. And
then suddenly it becomes a
fizz been smacked down and
we both have to find
out, you know, and it
gets escalated up to a
boss and the boss says,
all right, it can't be
two visual basics or there
can't be two FAS bins
or whatever. So, you know,
fight, fight it out. Yeah.
That's a cool thing. But
I mean, really the great
thing about being at Microsoft
at that time was that
there weren't those, those barriers
to doing things like, I
don't know if you've read
any Bryan Overlands books, but
he was part of the
VB team. And one of
the main things that he
did early on was he
wrote the custom control development
guide and the original instructions
on how to write custom
controls for visual basis. The
X's. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And that was a huge
success. I mean, that was,
it was that one book
and it was a simple,
I think it was a
clock, a little digital, a
little Oh, analog clock that
you could drag into windows
app, you know, that was
his sample that launched a
thousand added, you know, and
one guy can do something
like that. And it's really,
really neat. You know, it's
just, you know, I, I
know that he's living in
Hawaii right now. I think
he has a very good
life, you know? So, you
know, when you're at the
right place at the right
time, you can do some,
some neat things. Yeah. That
launched the whole ad in,
I mean the whole VBX
OCX world, the whole idea
of, of a third party
ecosystem, you know, they always
use that term around Microsoft.
And I talk about the
larger community ecosystem. People are
worried about backward compatibility, not
just for the devs, but
they think, well, you know,
if we change this interface,
is that going to mess
up that grid and then
crush the entire grid industry?
Yeah. Well, yeah, you got
to worry today for sure.
But the cool thing about
that for the VB product,
which, which was really unique
was that we didn't really
advertise visual basic all that
much. It was the third
parties did all the advertising
and they had a vested
interest in promoting this. And
VB was actually an integration
tool for them. So it
was a way they could
bring together their components and
sell their components and develop
business apps. And so if
you picked up any of
those VB magazines back then,
there were always tons and
tons of little, you know,
quarter page ads for some
custom or something. And it
was a great, I mean,
it's a great environment. And
now we're seeing that develop
with SharePoint and web parts.
And that may even propagate
out to asp.net applications, you
know, with bed parts and
stuff. So the component, a
third party marketplace, it's pretty
interesting right now. And it's
just kind of challenging. I'm
just, I'm just entering it
now. I'm working on my
essential SharePoint web parts and
working with bamboo solutions on
since things now. So it's
kind of an interesting, interesting
world now that we have
to worry about security. Of
course, that wasn't an issue
back then. Was that how
it would do, did we
literally just not sweat it
or were we just completely
Pretty much, I mean, you
know, Lord knows. I mean,
I wonder if anyone ever
went back into windows three,
extra three, one and threat
modeled it, what they would
find. Yeah, that would be
bad. It was really fun.
I mean, it is, the
virus could spread by, you
know, sneaker net was about
the fastest, like get around.
It was pretty loose. I
remember I worked on a
Olay to calm and I
wrote the a programmer's guide
for what became Ole automation,
which is the way that
Excel integrated programming programmability. And
actually it's funny that there
are, there's a huge tension.
I don't know if it
still exists between the Excel
people and the VB people
because VBA got a bad
reputation as being a vector
for viruses because there was
no, there was absolutely no
security, Right. That'll just open
up. And in the old
days, you'd open up a
file and people would just
send you a word file
or an Excel file and
say, check this out. Absolutely,
absolutely. I mean, that shows
the level of night of
a day, you know, that
was going on. And a
lot of people, I think
in the office team would,
would have rather just rip
that, all that out, then
go through the, the abuse
they got from corporate managers.
I mean, really, I know
that Boeing actually blocked all
macros at one point. I
don't know if they still
do, but you could not,
you know, run any macros
at all there because they
were so worried about that.
And of course it's a
huge problem. Right. And so
what did Microsoft do? Well,
they instituted the trust model
for security, which I think
is wonderful. You know, it's,
it's great. Basically you display
a dialog box to that
user who of course everything
in the world about security.
And you say, do you
trust? Yeah. The, the, the
last person you want to
ask is the, is my
mom. Absolutely. Which, you know,
it bothers me about all
these models, whether it be
the Mac that pumps you
for your password or whether
it's the kind of the
curtain doom and Vista that
drops down and says, stop,
make a decision. Here's insufficient
information, you know, decide, you
know, it's almost like, do
you remember what was it,
Sunday mornings? And it was
the, the, there was an,
a crazy old man on
the news shoot. The, the
none, the McClaire report, the
who was that old man
who would point and go
Jeff Webb, what's the answer? You
know, what was that guy's
name? I have no idea.
Come on. Maybe it was
Dan Dana Carvey did this
on Saturday night live. It
was the McGlaughlin McLaughlin. Okay.
Yeah. Right. And yeah, and
he would be Chibi chatting
about something and it became
pretty clear that he knew
what he was talking about
and the rest of the
group did not. And then
at some point he would
call on you and, and
they, they, and he would
ask these obscure questions. And
if you hadn't done your
research, you'd be in trouble.
So Dana Carvey on Saturday
night live, did it take
off on that? And he
would start asking just really
out of the questions, you'd
have no way to answer.
And he would say something
like he would be, he'd
have a panel and he'd
go, what did I have
for breakfast? And he immediately,
the spotlight is on you.
The camera's on you, the
microphones on you decide. That's
how I feel when, when
like when, when Mac or
windows pops up a dialogue
and says something horrible is
about to happen. Decide quick.
This is, imagine what that
must feel like to my
mom. I mean, seriously. Anyway.
Yeah. That's a, that's one
of those things. I just,
I been dealing with code
access security this, this week,
and it's a challenge. It's,
it's really interesting trying to
figure out what permissions you
do need to make the
code run because they're not
documented anywhere. And I mean,
I, I worked for Microsoft
as a programmer, as a
writer, you know, as a
editor and those positions don't
exist anymore. They're all filled
by contractors at some level.
And I think they're missing
the boat. Is this something
that, what can we, is
it really about documentation? Is
it about teaching? They don't,
they don't really teach people
defensive, secure programming in, in
school. It's usually a class,
you know, I mean, there
are fields, there are fields
like test driven development or
security, or a little kind
of verticals within programming where
the people who are the
most fervent in that vertical
believe that it is not
a vertical. That it's the
whole freaking point secure code
from the start. Well, it's,
it's just very difficult to
figure out definitively what permissions
it's, it's trial and error
right now. And that's an
issue and you could document,
and you could actually write
in the, the reference material,
but permissions call requires, you
know, actually be kind of
nice, you know, just a
gentle suggestion in the handy.
So you've moved from VB
into the, into the SharePoint
world, but still a componentized
place, a componentized world. Do
you think that there's going
to be a huge web
parts ecosystem or is there
already? Yeah. And I just
put together a directory, SharePoint
workshop.com there about actually can
count them from there. There's,
there's, there's over two dozen
vendors right now. And SharePoint
right now is about, I
think it's from Microsoft. I
think it's a $1 billion a
year business, but I would
guess that probably devil this
year, just a ballpark guess.
Wow. So the, the third
party spaces, very interesting. And
it's been around for a
while now, WSS too, you
know, pre previous version 2003,
it started with like courseworks
and some other vendors. And
now there's like courseworks and
bamboo solutions and there were
we're working on it and
where it could potentially be,
be reasonably profitable for people.
I think right now they're
still kind of in startup
mode, but it's an interesting,
it's interesting. I like it.
The way I got there
though, is, you know, by
way of asp.net, I, when
I was working with John
and that VD book, I
got the web stuff, you
know, it was my last
name is Webb. It was
kind of convenient. And I
just took off from there.
And so then when it
became clear that asp.net or
ASP at the time, but
later it was asp.net was
coming out. Then Microsoft hired
me to do that, that
training guide and stuff like
that. So it kind of
morphed into ASB and then
that morphed into SharePoint. So,
so it's kind of, for
me, it's kind of the
same track for a long
time. This is a silly
question to end on, but
I think it's an interesting
one. Why, why keep working?
I mean, if you were
a good, you were at
a good place and you're
a good place at Microsoft.
You, you know, you did
make a little bit of
money and you were part
of the, that first wave.
Why not just hang out
and drink a fruity, fruity
drinks with little umbrellas in
them? Well, my wife says
George Bush still half my money.
I mean, that's that's, Is
it just as a knee?
Is it it's just a
need to create, I have
to work, but I just
don't have to work today.
That's that's my level of,
of finance. I think I
mentioned that to you at
the party, you know, we're
okay. We're comfortable. We had
a nice house paid off
and stuff, but my daughter's
going to arts. Cool. Okay.
Ice marches forward. Huh? I'm
just wondering that's life, life
marches forward expenses come up.
Just seemed to me like
a, you know, an in
office space, the guy talks
about what if, what could
he do if he didn't
have a job? He said,
I'd do nothing. And when
he says nothing, he was
being sincere. I wonder if,
if anyone ever did that,
if anyone ever truly did
nothing Well, there's, it's a
good, it's a good thing
to study with ex Microsoft
people, because a lot of
us really had that option.
I mean, for awhile, I
did. And I wound up
down in Sanibel doing a
lot of Tarpon fishing, but
I was still writing books.
So I would write a
book a year. It takes
about three to six months
to write a book. And
so I kept, you know,
doing stuff, but my job
was Tarpon fishing. So I
caught a lot of Tarpon.
It's something I'm still very
good at. And if anybody
wants to hire me to
go Tarpon fishing, I'm available,
But you didn't, you didn't
go and open up a
new, you know, a Tarpon
fishing company. You still need
technology. You didn't say screw
computers. No, no, I didn't
do that. I got a
friend who started a tie
flies that were part of
the original Microsoft fly fishing.
Three, three of us, Tim,
Tim Harris is still at
Microsoft, Jay Paulson, who has
amazing flies.com. And of course,
myself, and we just came
back from the trip out
your way. We're fishing in
the shoots for steelhead. It's
really nice, a nice summer
steelhead and out there, beautiful
river I'm in forest Grove.
I'm a little farther West.
I'm halfway between Portland and
the beach. Okay. But I
know exactly that my dad's
on the Deschutes. I think
he just got back from
the Deschutes last, last a
couple of weeks ago. How
do you do you know,
I don't care anything about
fishing or hunting. I would
have to ask him he's
in the other room right
now, having lunch with my
son, I will ask him
how he did it. The
tissues they came over, they
came over to have lunch
with my son. And I
said, I've got to record
a show, but I will
make sure that the, the,
the, the, the Deschutes is
the place to, to go
fishing. It is true. It's
beautiful. It was really deep.
Well, Jeff Webb, thank you so
much for sitting down and
taking time to talk to
me today on Hansel minutes.
Well, thanks, Scott. Have you
got some good stuff? I
hope so. And this has
been another episode. We'll see
you again next week.